Fixes for Hilla launch (#1080)
vaadin/docs: articles/production/overview.asciidoc

> This will build a JAR or WAR file with all the dependencies and transpiled front end resources, ready to be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will build a JAR or WAR file with all the dependencies and transpiled frontend resources, ready to be deployed.
```
